we have h7 led bulbs
then it saw us getting basting
has glue nissan juke with halogen
factory lights
made the frontier lines as if we had a foundation
taken from a specially halogen beetle
headlights
here is sharp or like LED lamps
under the border that is the border is perfect
coincided big farm here is the border of the rosary here
they go here and go upstairs tass but
here mazda 3 2008 year so import
fog lights, respectively, we also
are the same
lamps but only 11 and the track became
Cheerful and here they are purely only on these
shame you on the net
it's not xenon different
here
and extend to here you can see that this is a mix but
a little deep
and here in the lens is also not xenon
Yes, here too, but not the site and, accordingly
here is the same thing arguing nothing
overall picture so we synthesize that's all
the next review will be nissan juke
mounted lamps without lenses and h4 it
tears like without faces you again
it remains these for setting everything
thank